1. The goal isn't to be the perfect person, the goal is to be always learning, always growing, always pushing to know more. The goal isn't to always have the right answers, the goal is to keep asking questions to keep learning, to always be open to new knowledge, new perspectives. The moment you think you know everything, is the moment you stop improving. You can have the best grades, be surrounded by friends and aquaintances, but until you work on yourself and you learn to love yourself, you will never be truly at peace. No amount of external achivements could fill the internal gaps. Self-love isn't about acheving perfection, it's about recognizing your worth, not because of your accomplishment but because of who you are at your core. Take time to work on yourself - to accept yourself, to love yourself, because true contentment isn't found in the external but in the depths of your own heart and mind. In the end, it is all about the journey. Fear, discipline, learning and self-love are all interconnected. Embrace the journey with all its ups and downs and you will find that you are capable of acheving more than you have ever imagined. - **`Maria Trappen`**

2. Any person who has any king of audiance, any kind of following and any kind of influence on the people has and will always have a social responsibility. - **`Yogi Baba`**

3. The married ones are thinking of divorce while the unmarried ones wish to be married, the unknown crave fame while the famous just want privacy, the young want to grow old while the old wish they could turn back time, the poor want to become rich and the rich - they spend their nights wishing for the peace they lost chasing wealth, the healthy take their bodies for granted while the sick would give anything for just one more day without pain, you see - the grass always seems greener but nothing grows without watering what's already yours. The truth is - no one has it all but everyone has enough if only they stopped and took a moment to see it. - **`CapitalFortunes`**

4. All the recognitions and wealth are insignificant in the presence of imminent death. As we get older we get smarter and we slowly understand that whether the clock is worth $30 or $300 they both show the exact same time, whether we drive $150000 car or a $2000 car we will arrive at the same destination.<br>There are five facts that cannot be denied - <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1. Don't educate your children to be rich educate them to be happy so that when they grow up they will know the value of things and not their price.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2. Eat your food as medicine, otherwise, you will have to eat your medicine as food.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3. The one who loves you will never leave you even if you have 100 reasons to give up, you will always find a reason to hold on.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;4. There is a big difference between being a human and being human 5. if you wanna go fast go alone, but if you want to go far go together.<br>